feat(nx): update to NgRx 8 and add schematics support for creators and entities (#1550)
nrwl/nx: docs/angular/guides/misc-ngrx.md

# State Management with NgRx

Using [NgRx](https://ngrx.io) for state management in an Angular application allows you to
build out application flows that track unique events and manage the state of shared data in a reactive, explicit, and consistent way.

## Overview

Nx provides a schematic to build out a new NgRx feature area that manages shared state.

> The **@nrwl/angular** package has an `ngrx` schematic to generate files that implement best practices when using NgRx for state management. This schematic generates source files, along with enhancements the generated NgRx for data persistence strategies, and simplified testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **@nrwl/angular** package has an `ngrx` schematic to generate files that implement best practices when using NgRx for state management. This schematic generates source files that include enhancements to NgRx for data persistence strategies, and simplified testing.
```

## Command

The following command is used to run the `ngrx` schematic:

```bash
ng g @nrwl/angular:ngrx <featurename> --module=<path-to-module> --defaults [options]
```

> Note: the `name` and the `--module=` arguments are required. The `defaults` option chooses the recommended defaults for the schematic, unless you override them.

The most common additional options are:

- `root` - Set up the initial NgModule imports for NgRx Store, Effects, Router-Store, and Store DevTools.
- `syntax` - NgRx introduced new creator functions for actions, reducers, and effects that provide the same type-safety with less code than action classes.
- `facade` - Optional. If you prefer to further encapsulate NgRx from your components, add an injectable facade. See the blog [Better State Management with Facades](https://blog.nrwl.io/nrwl-nx-6-2-angular-6-1-and-better-state-management-e139da2cd074#cb93) for details.

See the [API Docs](/angular/api/angular/schematics/ngrx) for detailed descriptions of all the available options. Also visit the [NgRx](https://ngrx.io) website for more guides and documentation about the libraries.

---

## Initial Setup

> To get started using with NgRx in an Angular application, you set up the root level store. As your application grows, you add feature level states, ensuring that your code follows a common pattern each time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with NgRx in an Angular application, you set up the root level store. As your application grows, you add feature level states, ensuring that your code follows a common pattern each time.
```

- Registers `EffectsModule.forRoot([])` in the `imports` array for isolation of side effects.
- Registers `StoreRouterConnectingModule.forRoot()` in the `imports` array for integration with the [Angular Router](https://angular.io/guide/router).
- Registers `StoreDevtools.instrument()` in the `imports` array for integration with the [Redux Devtools browser extension](http://extension.remotedev.io/).

You manage separate slices of state using libraries and feature states.

## Feature Workflow

When building new features using NgRx, you want to manage the state from within a separate library. This allows your
state to be easily shared across other libraries and applications. The steps below go through the workflow of using NgRx within the context of a library.

The example below generates a library to begin a new feature. For this example, `products` is used as the library name.

```bash
ng g @nrwl/angular:lib products
```

To manage the feature state:

- Use the `ngrx` schematic with the feature name in plural form, such as `products`.
- Provide a path to the `products` library module.

```bash

> ng g @nrwl/angular:ngrx products --module=libs/products/src/lib/products.module.ts --directory +state/products --syntax=creators --defaults

Reviewer: Below in the API docs for the schematics options it shows "Products" in title case, but here it shows lowercase. Which is correct?

Author: I've changed the references to lowercase "products" for clarity. It works either way

```

> Use the `--facade` option to generate an injectable Facade class along with the feature.

The following files are created, or updated:

> 

Reviewer: Looks like we decided to remove most of the content? Was it too wordy? I can see where value is added so that the reader can see exactly the type of content being output when these files are generated.

Author: I think its too wordy to have all this output here. If there was a better way to show/hide file contents I think it would be better.
